Sphinx LaTeX Strat Doc Base
===========================

I regularly use a small set of customized LaTeX styles with Sphinx to
generate clean, professional strategy documents. Nothing spectacular,
but I hand them off to others and duplicate them myself often enough
that it's worth extracting them to a small repo.

Starting a New Doc
------------------

If you don't have Sphinx installed, get that first::

  $ apt-get install python-sphinx

In a new directory, tell Sphinx to create a new document shell::

 $ sphinx-quickstart 

The quickstart tool will prompt you with a number of options. The only
option that really matters is to select "y" for separate source and
build directories.

Copy the simplified source/conf.py from this repo over to the new
document shell. Update values like the project title and author name.

Copy source/strat.sty from this repo over to the new document shell.
If you have a simple document (only a few pages long) and don't need a
table of contents, copy source/strat_notoc.sty instead, renaming it to
strat.sty.

Editing the Doc
---------------

In the new document shell, source/index.rst is the base RST example
source file. Replace this with your own content. Any RST content will
work, it doesn't have to follow the format of the example. I tend to
use subdirectories for major sections in longer documents, just so the
document is easier to maintain.

Building the Doc
----------------

Generate a PDF with::

 $ make latexpdf

The result will be located in build/latex/output_file.pdf. (You can
configure a different output filename in source/conf.py.)

NOTE
----

I've completely stripped out the configuration options for HTML or
Manpage output. If you want those, you should keep the source/conf.py
generated by Sphinx, and only copy the LaTeX options from my
simplified source/conf.py.
